now you know why that wins because I
didn't get the 11th rep so you didn't
get the 11 I got 10 ah so very smart
very smart I did that on purpose I like
that you saw how close I got to 11 just
to show you I could have done
it on bro if I wanted to lose doneo I
could have done it if I wanted to lose
but I didn't want to lose so how does it
feel to not be pathetic loser it feels
good you know two weeks in a row feeling
great weeks in a row wew I'm feeling
great no no not how it works how do you
feel right
now two weeks in a row big boy do you do
dumbbells
no no I never did it until last week all
I'll tell you how I warm up so today's
week two of benching and last week I
think I started a little bit too heavy I
started at 170 um and I think 175 might
be a little bit too heavy but I'm going
to go by 5 K
aiming for five reps if I don't I would
rather get uh sets of 4 on 175 than you
know just got by 2 and half kgs and Vasa
is going to do whatever you
say 190 190 for 2x5 for him this is
about vassard you know what I mean like
he's the the guy that's on the comeback
with me I'm kind of just like cruising
along so with him there's an expectation
of for5 two sets and if he doesn't get
it we'll all be Saed I think the big big
thing to take away from today is there's
no microphone on Vass either so quick
apologies to everybody from last week
did you guys know that he made fun of
how heavy I was breathing last week the
irony the irony that was that was rich
dude that was rich Vasa starts with an
empty barbell um I started with a whole
bunch of dumbbells so I got up to 30 kg
each hand with a dumbbell and that's
what makes me ready for a 70 kilo bench
um back and forth with l pull downs but
here's yeah he's starting with empty
[Music]
B question question coach so I know you
say that this uh idiot's problem most of
the time is the unrack because as it
gets heavier uh the lack of sometimes
training with you that unrack becomes a
little bit compromised yeah have you
considered letting just unracking
himself like he doesn't train I I think
that like I've torn my Peck because I
refuse to ever let anyone unrack for me
because I believed that everyone was too
different from each other and it was
hard to get one consistent unrack so I
just said you know what I'm going to
teach myself how to do it until I got to
the point where I tore my PEC benching
230 kg M and you know I I analyzed the
hell out of what I was doing wrong and I
was watching myself protract as it got
heavier and heavier the thing is as it
gets really really heavy when you
protract with the unrack with the really
really heavy weight you can't retract
when you bring it down with the light
weights I can protract all I want and
then and then reset my shoulder blades
but with the really heavy weights well
that's what happened when I tore my peeg
um and I know that consistently whenever
I've injured myself um from bench
pressing which is not a lot of times and
it's always very minor it's always been
when I've unrack myself whenever I get
someone to unrack for me I'm able to
maintain position so um we haven't
gotten there with Vasa so that thought
of you know have you considered letting
him do it himself I think that's where
it came from it's like I I watch him
every set and it's like as it gets
heavier it actually gets worse because
he's not able to retract so uh that's my
thoughts
[Music]
excellent as per
V's instruction recommendation I mean
he's not a bad Venture it's not as if he
doesn't know how to do it he's a bad
person not a bad
Venture all right
[Music]
you know what we didn't do change back
yeah that's that one was like way bigger
was that how how big was
it did you hear that everyone he said it
was way big that's huge bro yeah I told
every dude that can't be real I told
every that can't be real any advice for
Vass on this set yeah let's uh really
try let's really try really try just can
you just [__] try for once for
[Music]
once
scabs nice B
145 with clothes excessive weight gain
this week that's a little bit heavier
than last week 3 kilos but like I
normally wear myself in the morning just
make it yeah have you gone to the toilet
this
morning yeah yeah yeah
[Music]
you did the I bre thing
again I didn't
know let's go
[Music]
ah maybe it was there yeah it was fast
maybe it was there but I don't want to
risk it I don't want to risk it he's
cheering look howy cheer it's negative
bro excuse me you don't appreciate why
you had to be so negative about that no
was good hey
vas um my advice for you yep would be uh
do it better than last week okay that's
it I would take care if I some if you
had two arms I don't well keep it to
yourself
no let's go
V five reps where we going where you're
going breathing breathing
breathing scabs
[Music]
lovely oh baby yeah man that's better
than last week it was that's better than
last week how's that for a
progress how's that for a progress any
words of encouragement vessa or do you
again want to see him fail no just do
the first rep
just fast do it good and focus on the
last so if you get the first rep and
then you focus on the last
ones be
together really
[Music]
nicely let's
go no no that's that's four was the
right number pause
[Music]
R
scabs
yeah nice how's that very good so much
better than last week man
I have to say like thank goodness cuz it
couldn't be worse what's your best
total this is so funny this is so funny
is it
132.5 no it's a,3 oh is it my second
best total is, 32.5 is it yeah what's
your top 1,50 oh yeah yeah it's a bit
Out Of Reach for you but you keep
working so I was there for the 1032
still 1050
I was there for the 1032 you were I'll
tell you something was interesting like
when I'm coaching it's it's like I'm
going for the number that I I knows
there today I didn't know about the
total when you got it I got a message
from Vasa going [__] I'm like what
happened oh
[__] I realized [__] that just beat I
was like I was wondering why Reese was
fixated on these numbers cuz it's like
not only is Vasa watching very closely
like when you say to Vasa what's your
best total he's like takes time think
about it he's not thinking he's just
thinking how am I going to [__] say
this he knows exactly what his best
total is he knows exactly that that's
your second best total by the way yeah
you know he knew that before he knows he
knows what's happening but he's like oh
I don't know like some old total I don't
even know you know anyway it's a funny
life well that's when you do beat my
total I'll have to come back and do it
comp but until then
[Music]
yeah oh big
dog what do you reckon go straight for
eight or straight for
[Music]
10 we see what happens let's see let's
see what happens like what's on the line
though cuz obviously something has to be
on the line I think that the loser just
has to walk around for the entire week
knowing that they're pathetic and a
loser that's the punishment let's go V
don't be a loser not again don't be a
loser not again bro not
again I can kick these out yeah you can
stop being a [__] that's the rules if
you can't then you're a loser get him up
no
loser we'll
see so far not loser little holy [__]
shut
up let's
go all
right eight reps it
is who's going to be the loser [__] good
wow this does feel heavy that's all
heavy
is almost keep no no no no
no nice there's that slow last rep rep
you just just because it's the last
rep it felt heavy I felt very heavy so
coach uh with vassa's bench goal uh
obviously looking to hit a PR um what is
he doing on the bench press besides just
flat bench pressing really good question
because he doesn't just do flat bench
press uh and this is something that's
pretty important is training variation
now that rule changes as you become more
advanced the more advanced you are the
less variation you should be using um
he's already built a tremendous base of
his you know bodybuilder sty training
when he first started training arm
workor and and pressing on all angles
and all these things but then as you
become so that's how you build a base
and then like of a pyramid and then the
pyramid will only pick as high as the
base is wide so he's built a tremendous
base so um we have an off seon where we
yes we do do variation but just not to
the same degree so from start to finish
of his prep we're going to do a comp
style bench press but right now as he's
early in in his prep and further away
from competition he's got one day bench
and the other day is incline press and
after his incline press press he does
flat dumbbells and after his flat bench
press he does uh overhead press with
dumbbells so right now it's one session
of flat bench per week uh and then as we
get close to the competition it's going
to be two sessions of bench press per
week uh but you don't go heavy twice a
week you go one heavy session and one
light session um and and that's as much
variation as he needs and then of course
he does the opposing muscle so he does
rows pull ups and pull Downs I shouldn't
say pull-ups you don't do pull-ups
you're too you're too fat to do a
pull-up B maybe we can see after
this all right so this is um this is
amrap vas don't be a [__] now let's go
bro you got to be eight come on don't be
pathetic let's go tell me what to do
come on let's go
bro let's
go two three
five
six it's getting
tough come on
nine
yes 11 come on bro you got to get this
un even number zero the Flor zero reps
put on the floor put on the floor zero
reps bro how do you
feel hey bro zero reps you and me got
the same reps
exactly so bro hey if you if you get 2 4
6 8 or 10 as long as you get an even
number two reps beat zero reps and then
you won't be pathetic yeah that's
awesome bro we'll see you're in for a
chance today we'll see for the W
pressure's
on let's
go let's go four
come
on
10 now you know why that wins because I
didn't get the 11th rep so therefore you
didn't get the 11th rep I got 10 so very
smart very smart I did that on purpose I
like that you saw how close I got to L
just to show you I could have done it
on bro if I wanted to lose done bro I
could have done it if I wanted to lose
but I didn't want to lose so how does it
feel to not be pathetic loser it feels
good you know two weeks in a row feeling
great two weeks in a row wew I'm feeling
great no
no Works how do you feel right
now two weeks in a row big boy it's okay
don't run away from me it's you're so
close ensi finishing off with some lat
pull Downs we're doing three sets of 15
here and then after that we're going to
do some face pulls which is uh getting
on the floor and pulling the Rope to our
heads uh great for shoulder Health great
for rear delts great for midback uh and
that's going to be the session pretty
simple but very effective that's week
two uh we both progressed Vasa
definitely progressed better um and
that's always the goal so stay tuned for
next week uh same time same place and
we're going to go up again leave a
comment if there's anything you want to
see more of or any questions that you
have and click like And subscribe and
all that good stuff see you soon